Question 1How do you think computer science, computer engineering and/or a closely related technical field is changing the world? How do you plan to contribute?Answer: We see it in every step of our everyday life. Hust because the rise of computer science we are connected to each other so densely. The network is everywhere. We can see computers  in cars, lifts, fridge, television, oven and where not. For the rise of computer science maximum things like from interviewing to ticket booking everything has become automated. These things are changing the world. Using satellites , we can reach anywhere in the universe. These changes are actually changing our daily lives and so changing the world.Most of the people think that, women can not contribute In the field of computer science. But now we are getting opportunities to prove ourselves. I am personally y attending various programming contests and making other women around me, inspired. I have a plan to make them believe that, the can actually do something in these sectors. I am planning to arrange some learning hubs for practicing them and some small prizes and scholarships can encourage them. I want that no women should left behind just because the lack of resources. If I can inspire more women to come in these sectors, and make each of them contribute something to the society, to the world, surely there is going to be some changes in the world. I think that can be the best contribution of mine as a software engineering student.Question 2Please discuss the structural issues impacting underrepresented groups that you have observed or experienced in computer science, computer engineering, and/or a closely related technical field. What connection and/or effect do you think these have to the industry and/or the widerworld?Answer: The main problem in of lacking behind is that, the people have a strong belief that, the mathematical sectors are not the field for women. As computer science, computer engineering, software engineering are applied subjects of the mathematics, they consider these also not preferable for women. In the region that we are living, specially in our country we are lack of resources, like computers, teachers. So, there has been some structural issues impacting underrepresented groups like we are not as advance as the boys and if we need help we do not get it from others. These lacks us.For these impacts, women are not going to the industries and wider world for better studies. As most of the people are not believing in women and not supporting them with proper care and resources, women alone are not being capable of believing  themselves. Moreover, they are told to remain indoors and told engineering and computer science are not their fields so they are not getting support to work in industries. For the lack of resources and supports, they are not joining industries and not contributing to the world.Question 3Please write about an activity that you are currently or recently involved in to address structural issues for underrepresented groups in your field.Answer: Recently, I have attended in Inter University Girls Programming Contest, where girls from all over the country had come to attend the contest. Here, girls were inspired for their contribution in computer science sectors. Moreover, on 26th March, National Independence Day, we had a contest from the club “IIT Software Engineers Community”for where I was working as a volunteer to make some more women to contribute in these sectors. Moreover, I have started a club, with 8-10 girls, where we are inspiring them and helping them with mathematics learning and resources. This is not a large club so we have not already get help from university but a small help . But we are trying to make it larger and trying to involve more women in this.